CHAPTER TWO										====== window size======
What Is a True Leader?
 - Leadership is the capacity to influence others through
inspiration motivated by a passion, generated by a vision,
produced by a conviction, ignited by a purpose.

LEADERSHIP IS MORE THAN INFLUENCE
- The fact is that true leadership is not control or manipu-
lation of others, but it is other people’s willful submission
of their authority to yours, motivated by inspiration.

A WORKING DEFINITION OF LEADERSHIP
- True leadership fundamentally requires the respon-
sibility of taking followers into the exciting unknown and
creating a new reality for them.

"Leadership is the capacity to influence others through
inspiration motivated by a passion, generated by a
vision, produced by a conviction, ignited by a purpose."


THE PRIORITY OF INSPIRATION
- the word leader is not a label that you give yourself
- Leader
is what the people whom you inspire call you because they
are stirred to participate in the positive vision that you
are presenting them—whether it is the vision for a coun-
try, a company, or a cause.
- The principal pur-
suit, therefore, for those who desire and aspire to become
effective leaders must be the answer to this question: “How
do I inspire and what is the source of inspiration?”
- If inspiration is the key to legitimate influence and
thus the source of true leadership, then, again, inspiration
should be the pursuit of all true leaders. How do leaders
inspire others? What is the source of inspiration? These
are the most important questions of leadership, and when
you have found the answer to them, then you will have
begun to discover your own leadership potential.


THE POWER OF PASSION
- Simply put, the source of inspiration is passion. This
component of leadership is the heart of influence and is
the generator of the energy and resilience of the leader.
- Passion is the discovery of a deep desire born out of a con-
viction that renders one possessed by commitment to a
purpose.
- True leaders, therefore,
are those who effectively express their inner passions,
which find a common response in the hearts of others.
It is passion that attracts people to the leader, who moti-
vates them to take action.


WHAT IS A TRUE LEADER?

THE ULTIMATE LEADERSHIP MODEL
 - Jesus

THE SOURCE OF TRUE PASSION IS THE DISCOVERY
OF A CLEAR SENSE OF PURPOSE.
 [[[
   for the noon prayer topic:
     The power of knowing your purpose
 ]]]

To clarify the process of leadership according to our
working definition, let us review the progression of leader-
ship development:
1. Purpose
2. Conviction
3. Vision
4. Passion
5. Inspiration
6. Influence
7. Leadership
True leadership is impossible unless all these ingredi-
ents are present and integrated as a whole

EXAMPLES OF EFFECTIVE LEADERS
- Leaders are often ordinary people who accept or are
placed in extraordinary circumstances that bring forth
their latent potential, producing a character that inspires
confidence and trust within others. 

LEADERS ARE OFTEN ORDINARY PEOPLE WHO ARE
PLACED IN EXTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANCES.

Moses

Martin Luther King Jr.

Sir Winston Churchill

Nehemiah
-  “I am doing a great work.
Why should the work cease while I leave it and come down
to you?”

Queen Esther
[[another topic: How to Keep the passion burning: 1. keep the focus]]
 - saying, “If I perish, I perish.”
 - Esther was an ordinary woman who was placed in
extraordinary circumstances and had a part in influencing
and preserving her whole generation.

Nelson Mandela
 -  It is important to recognize
that true leaders do not seek or pursue followers but instead
attract them by their dedication to a personal purpose.

King David

Abraham Lincoln

Corrie ten Boom

John F. Kennedy
