Hello sa lahat ng mga viewers out there! Kumusta kayo?  Today may bago na naman tayong pag uusapan,  mga bagay na makapagbibigay sa atin nang encouragement at strength na magpatuloy despite sa hamon ng buhay. 


Believe the word of the Lord,  whoever you are,  whatever situation you are in, basta nanniniwala ka sa Lord at sa salita ni Lord for you,  may mangyayari,  God is doing something sa buhay mo. 


Our topic for today is found in Matthew 13:31-32. It's about the "Parable of the mustard seed." Si Jesus kasi mahilig mag parable, and behind that parable is a lesson which we can apply in our lives, nagbibigay nang strength sa atin to move on, to go forward.

Matthew 13:31-32 states that,  "Jesus told them another parable: "The Kingdom of heaven is like this.  A man takes a mustard seed and sows in His field. (verse32) It is the smallest of all seeds,  but when it grows up,  it is the biggest of all plants.  It becomes a tree,  so that birds come and make their nests in its branches. 


Ang 'them' na tinutukoy sa text ay mga taong naniniwal sa Lord, so kung naniniwala ka kay Lord, then Jesus is now talking to you who believes. 

Ano nga ba ang kingdom of heaven?  

Ang word na "kingdom" comes from a combination of two words; 'king' which means a person who rule and 'dom or dominion' which means the power or authority to rule. It means a person who has the power to rule over. 

Pag sinabi nating 'heaven', it is related to God.  Walang ibang ruler ang heaven, only God. 

Kabilang ka sa Kingdom of heaven,  you are the kingdom of heaven , the kingdom of God,  God rules over you, hindi ka  na on your own. Kung ikaw ang kingdom of God dependent ka na kay Lord. 

Since you are dependent to the Lord,  you will live and function according sa purpose at will ni Lord sa iyo. Gagamitin ka ni Lord kapatid. 

Tapos ang text natin also talks about a mustard seed,  sabi dyan,  mustard seeds are the smallest seeds of all,  but kapag itinanim mo ito,  it grows and becomes the biggest tree na malaki ang pakinabang... nagiging source ng blessing sa iba. 

That mustard seed is like you kapatid... maliit ka man sa paningin ng iba,  pero may pakinabang  ka. Akala nila wala ka lang, pero meron pala..

Siguro among your friends or siblings, ikaw ang pinakahindi nakikita, ikaw ang pinaka useless sa paningin nila, siguro maliit ka sa paningin nila.. but I tell you kapatid, you are not defined by them, you are defined by what the Lord says about you. Paniwalaan mo lang ang word ni Lord sayo. May mangyayari. 

Just like the mustard seed, be planted in the word of God, pag naitanim ka sa word of God, by hearing ang believing, mag go grow ka at magiging fruitful, magiging source ka ng blessing, just like the mustard seed na when it grow ang became big, birds came and make their nests in the branches. Tulad mo pag planted ka kay Lord, lalago ka at marami ang maaatract sayo, you will become a source of blesaing. 

Mukhang wala lang ka man sa paningin ng mga tao ngayon,  pero meron pala. 

Wala ka pa sigurong nakikita sa sarili mo ngayon, but just believe and be planted in the Lord,  may mangyayari. 

Ang kingdom ni Lord parang wala pero meron pala, ikaw ang kingdom Ni God, mukha ka lang sgiurong wala pero meron pala. 

Kaya again,  just be planted,  you will never be disappointed. Believe in what God says. 

That's all for today, as we end let me pray for you, let us pray for each other. Our heavenly Father, the creator of all things, we thank you for today's word, thank you Lord for your faithfulness and goodness, we believe in your might O God, may purpose ka sa buhay namin, we will never be the same. Let your word magnify in our lives O God, we are expectant po sa answered prayer namin. Tulad nang sinasabi ng salita nyo po, lalago kami, we will be fruitful at magiging source ng blessings to other bats maging planted lang kami sa iyo. Thank for each of us Lord. Ang lahat nang pagpapala tat pagpapasalamat ay sayo lang po Panginoon. In Jeses name, amen. 

End@Tonit