
https://www.facebook.com/g12ekklesiabukidnon/videos/1224273295102451/

DECEMBER 4, 2022 || GOD'S COMPLETE PLAN FOR YOU


Bawat isa sa atin ay may kaniya-kaniyang plano para sa ating buhay. Plans that we believe will bring us towards succes, to our goals and dreams. May iba naman nawalan na nga mga plano sa buhay at hindi na nila ma visualize yung mga future nila, because of the struggles and challenges they are facing right now. But did you also know, that God, the creator of heaven and earth, the author of peoples lives has also a plan in your life? Not just a plan but a COMPLETE PLAN IN YOUR LIFE.

Hello everyone and welcome to my channel. Today im gonna share to you another powerful word of God that will definitely bring impact to your life, my take away last sunday from our sunday cell celebration entitled "GOD'S COMPLETE PLAN FOR YOU” Are you ready? Let's begin..

Blessing is only PART OF GOD'S PLAN IN YOUR LIFE. We should always remember that blessing is just a part of what God is planning for, in your life. Minsan kasi we are being mislead by the concept that God's ultimate plan is to just bless us. In Jeremiah 29:11 it says there that only God know the plans he have for us plans to prosper us not to harm us, and to give us hope and future. Indeed God's plan for us is to become prosperous, but it does not start there and end there.

The very first plan of God in OUR life is TO FORGIVE US. Why? Because there is a relationship that has been broken. Relationship between God and us, men. We all know that our forefathers adam and eve commited sin from God, and so man's nature became sinful. And because of sin we have all fall short, departed from God's glory and presence. But God, doesn't want that. Ayaw ng Lord na malayo tayo sa kanya, sa kanyang presenaya because God's presence is like an oxygen that gives life to everyone, to evry body. Without the presence of God walang magiging buhay, walang mabubuhay. Kaya si God, gusto niya i forgive tayo sa ating mga kasalanan, from our guilt, from our shame kasi the first step or way for man to live freely and live true lif is through forgiveness. In 1 John 1:9 (Read the verse) Ang paghingi at pag recieve nga forgiveness from Lod kapatid ay napaka simple lang, it says there that all you have to do is to confess your SINS, not to your pastor, or leader or co believer but TO GOD.  And God is right and just to forgive you from ALL OF YOUR SIN. So today I challenge you to talk to God, ask and reciev fully forgiveness from him and declare to your self with conviction "I AM FORGIVEN IN JESUS NAME” Amen.

Secondly, Gods complete plan for us is to cleanse us. Meaning he will purify us, remove the stain and contamination of sin from us. He will see us, as if we have never sinned, and remember our sin no more, through the blood of Jesus. Isnt it amazing? God does not just forgive us from all our unrighteousness but also cleanse us from all of our wrong doings. He will cleanse us from curses, oppression, sickness, poverty, confusion, darkness and from any situations that will hinder us to move forward. What an amazing God we have, amen? So declare it today ”THROUGH THE BLOOD OF JESUS I HAVE BEEN CLEANSE FROM EVERY KIND OF UNRIGHTEOUSNESS“ Amen.

Thirdly, God's complete plan for us is to restore us. To re store evrything we have lost because of sin. Ano-ano nga ba ang mga ito? Ito ay ang ating identity sa Lord, our faith, spiritual authority and God given purpose. Alam mo ba na ang original design ng tao ay ang ma enherit ang lahat ng kung anong meron sa Lord, pero dahil sa kasalanan pinagkait ito sa atin. Remember na ang kasalanan ang nag papa hiwalay sa atin sa Lord at sa kaniyang mga magandang plano. Ang kasalanan ang pumapatay sa potensyal na syang itinanim ng Lord sa atin. Kagaya na lamang ng nangyari sa parable of the prodigal son. Dahil lumayo at humiwalay sya sa piling ng kaniyang ama sa kanilang kaharian, dumanas sya ng mga sitwasyon at pang yayaring hindi pa nya naranasan ni minsan sa kaniyang buhay. Ni minsan hindi sya dumanas ng pagka gutom, ng kawalan ng pera, tirahan o mag trabaho noong naroroon pa sya sa kanilang palasyo. Ngunit dahil nga sa kaniyang kagustuhang kumawala sa piling ng kaniyang ama ay talagang naging iba at ka awa-awa ang kaniyang buhay at karanasan bilang isang alibughang anak. So you see pag i relate natin ito sa ating spirituality, ganyan din ang magiging buhay nating pag malayo tayo sa ating Panginoon. It will be a total disaster. Kaya nag desisyon ang anak na umuwi sa kaharian at humingi ng tawad sa kaniyang ama. And true enough, araw² pala hinihintay nga ama ang kaniyang anak sa labas ng kanilang kaharian, at nang makita nga niya ito ay lubos ang kaniyang kasiyahan, niyakap niya ito at tinanggap nga buo at walang pag aalin langan. And from that moment on, hindi lang na reconcile ang relasyon nilang mag ama, na restore din ng anak ang lahat ng para, at dapat sa kaniya.  Si with us mga kapatid, Gods plan is also to restore the things meant and destined for us, amen? Declare to yourself right now "I Am Restored". AMEN


Pang apat. Gods plan for us is to use us.  God wants us to become part of his reconcilation program to the world, because this is his very heart and soul, to reconcile all men to God. Yung plan ng Lord hindi lang para sayo, kundi para rin sa iyong pamilya, ka eskwela, kaibigan sa lahat ng iyong kakilala, gusto ng Lord na gamitin ka para sa kanila. Do not discount the plan of God to use you for them, kasi ito yung purpose ni God sa buhay mo. Havent you ponder na after you recive Jesus in your life, pwedi kana sana kunin ni Lord, para di kana maka gawa pa ng kasalanan? But God, give you life extension to be His witness to everyone, to fulfill his purpose in your life and through your life. Kasi through you people will also recieve forgiveness, cleansing, restoration , blessing and God given purpose sa life nila. Kaya I challenge you today, GO! Win them and make them Jesus disciples. Amen.

Pang lima, Gods plan for us is to bless his people 😀 Eto na nga yung iba kasi ayaw ng forgiveness, ng cleansing, restoration, ng God given purpos, gusto nila agad blessing. You know what i once was a victim of that before kasi hindi ko naintindihan yung principle ni Lord sa blessing. Ano nga ba ang principle ni Lord about blessing? In Math. 6:33 (Read the verse). Kailangan pala i seek natin una ang kingdom ng Lord which is what he truly concern about. Unahin muna pala natin yung concern ni Lord and God will also provide for our concerns 😊 Amen po ba? Kasi principle ito ng Lord eh. Kaya siguro kahit anong sunod mo sa mga blessing, hindi mo talaga ma huli-huli kasi di naman dapat yan yung chini-chase natin, dapat we chase to the source of blessing. Buti pa yung blessing na ayaw mag pa chase, sinusunod mo pero si Lord na gusto i chase ayaw mo sundin 😅 Kapatid let us always chase the source of blessings and blessing will overtake us. Amen 😊
So see blessings comes after we do the will of God. Kaya we should not under estimate God because he sees our hearts and motives. Surely God is mercy and a God of provision but he also is a God of justice and he will definitely reward you according to your work 😊

And lastly. Gods complete plans for us is to be with Him forever. Again this is the very heart of God. The reason why there is forgiveness, cleansing, restoration, kung bakit gusto niya tayo gamitin at i bless because he wants us to be with him while we are still living in this word and when we die. He want to us to be with him in the place where we no longer felt and experience pain, sorrows, problems and struggle. Instead we will experience the joy and rejoicing in Gods presence. Kaya I challenge you, from this day forward, backsliding should never be our option.  Kasi we cannot fully experience God's prepared plan for us once we start departing ourselves from Him. Remember the only secure plan of future we can rely on, is the plan of God. To forgives us and cleanse us from all unrighteosness, to restore us and use us for his glory and purpose, to bless us to become blessings to others and for us to be with him forever.

Sana ay may natutunan kayo today, at nag bigay ng impact, transformation and inspiration sa inyung buhay ang take away na aking ibinahagi. May you embrace and experience Gods Complete plan for your life.

Thank you so much for watching and dont forget to like, subscribe and hit the notification bell para ma update kayo sa mga videos ko 😊 Hanggang sa muli, Paalam 😊
