Lesson 1
Handling Persecutions

2 Timothy 3:12 ESV
 all who desire to live in godly life in Christ Jesus will pre persecuted

1 Peter 4:12-14 ESV
 - fiery trial will come to test us.
 - rejoice


3 Truths About Persecution

1. Persecution is normal
  1 Perter 4:12
  - so dont be discourage, its normal
  - example: the story of Lazarus John 12:9-11

2. Persecution for Christ is an honor
 

3. Persecution is temporary
 1 Peter 5:10

How to Respond to Persecutions:

1. Pray for those who persecute us, releasing forgiveness.
  - every persecution, release forgiveness, bahala kadaghan na
  - Release forgiveness in prayers
  - until when should we release forgiveness? until there is no more pain in your heart

2. Always remember that Jesus was persecuted even to the point of death

3. Never retaliate

4. Keep being faithful to your calling despite the oppositions


Mark 10:29-30 ESV


persecution comes with a reward

Why should we expect persecutions as followers of Jesus Christ?

When we have really decided to follow Jesus Christ it is expected that persecution of many form and source will aslo follow.  So, as follow of Christ we should be fully equip to be conquer this persecutaion the right way and we should be fully aware of the form of persecution.
 Once we are in Christ, Satan has no more controll on us. It will be a great lose to him, and he will do anything to bring you back to him. Satan can no longer touch us, so he will use people to persecute us. And satan loves to use people, specially the one who is close to us as a weapon to persecute us. 
If he success, it will be a double win for him. He win you back to this power, and the person he used will be his price position or effective weapon in persecuting others.  But if we handle persecutions the right, if we with stand it, it will be a double win for us. We will win that person that satan used to persecute has, and we are sure that we will reserve a reward.
That the battle of persecution those not stop there! Satan will never stop, he will wait for the right opportunity to strike back.  We must expect that if we win one persecution, another higher persecution will come. Being exptectant will help us to prepare. We should learn to eat persecution for breakfast, lunch, dinner and two snacks between. 
The more persecation we overcome, the more we will be mature. Persecution will also help develop our faith and reliance to our God
