Strongly Connected


John 15:1-4 ESV

-kita as the branch of Ginoo dapat depended ta sa Iya.
-God will prune as para maka bunga ta, naa cya e cut off sa atong life.

John 15:4-8 ESV
 - ang dili connected kay malaya ug mahimong sugnod
 - fruitfulness is not optional
  - and only in our strong connection with God we can bear fruit.


How to know kung strongly connected ka sa vine

1. in times of storm
  - storms will come to test you if you are firmly connected to the vine

what are this fruits?

Galatians 2:22-23
 - (22) But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, (23) gentleness, self-control; against such things there is no law.

John 15:16 NLT

What happens when disconnect ourselves?

1. You will start to die.
2. You will not bear fruit.

Commitment makes the difference

Be strongly connected to:

1. To Chirst
2. To Church
3. To your spiritual leaders - Pastors and to your spiritual leader



Romar S. Melancolico
Lesson 4
How will you develop your strong connection to Christ, to church, and to your spiritual leaders?

I know that I have been chosen to bear fruits that will last.  God has called me to do so. The first time I heard the calling, I felt unease and question myself, “How could I bear fruits?” I started to over think and doubt arise. And then John 15:1-8, is the key. I need to develop my strong connection.


My first connection should to Christ. To do this, I need to meditate the Word of God.  Not just simply reading it but every time I read the Book life, I should be able to get guidance, I should hear the voice of God speaking to me.  Strong connection has a strong communication.  It is not just me saying to God, “God I need this, I want this, I need You”, but also, “romar do this, do that, this way, that way, go!”  It is not a strong connection if I am the only one talking.


It also needed to have a strong connection to you church.  Do have a strong connection; I need to find a way to be more engage with the church activity. It also needed to have a strong connection to you church.  Do have a strong connection; I need to find a way to be more engage with the church activity.  Not just with financial engage but also with time engagement. Not just with financial engage but also with time engagement.


And lastly, i need to a strong with my leader. I will do my very best to be always available for my leader. I am now considering to rent a house in Valencia proper to make myself more available. And of course  to have a strong connection to my leader, I need also to have a good communication with my leader, bawal e seen lang si leader. One of this will treat my leader in a good dinner